## How to access the Knowledge Infrastructure
The ACEnano Knowledge Infrastructure is freely available to anyone interested in accessing or uploading data (including protocols and experimental results) related to physicochemical characterisation of nanomaterials.
The infrastructure can be accessed by typing the https://acenano.douglasconnect.com/ web address in your browser. Users which already accessed the infrastructure, and did the sing-up step, are admitted by log-in with e-mail and password or Google account. If you haven't done this before, you will have to complete the sing-up process by introducing your e-mail address and password or using your Google account. You will receive an e-mail on your provided address to confirm your account. Your e-mail will be verified and if correct, log-in process will follow. When log-in for the first time, your user profile must be completed with personal details such as name, address and the project you work in, fields marked with * are mandatory. After filling this form, press the red button Submit at the end of the page to be directed to the ACEnano Knowledge Infrastructure.   

## The main features of the Knowledge Infrastructure
The ACEnano Knowledge Infrastructure (KI) is built using an open source software and includes multiple database instances (relational and non-rational (NoSQL) database) to optimally accommodate the requirements of the different data types (raw and processed data, summary results and protocols).
The features of the KI allows the users to:
* Create, store and share protocols on physicochemical characterisation of nanomaterials;
* Upload, store and share nanomaterials physicochemical characterisation data;
* Track the experimental results to the protocols used to generate the respective datasets.

## How to request support or suggest improvements of the platform
For any inquiries regarding the content or functionalities of the Knowledge Infrastructure, You can contact us by email:
* Suggestions or technical issues: ACEnano team at Edelweiss Connect acenano@edelweissconnect.com
* For general support on protocols: Dr. Geert Cornelis, SLU geert.cornelis@slu.se
* For specific questions on procedures please contact the owners of the protocols
* Support on the dissemination activities: Daniel Fernandez-Poulussen, IDONIAL Daniel.Fernandez@idonial.com
